singleton/e1_casa_de_cambios/Client.java
 singleton.e1_casa_de_cambios.Client
prototype/e2_celulares/Accesorios.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.Accesorios
prototype/e2_celulares/Dispositivo.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.Dispositivo
prototype/e2_celulares/IRegistroDispositivo.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.IRegistroDispositivo
prototype/e2_celulares/TarjetaSIM.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.TarjetaSIM
prototype/e2_celulares/Persona.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.Persona
singleton/e1_casa_de_cambios/Banco.java
 singleton.e1_casa_de_cambios.Banco
singleton/e1_casa_de_cambios/EmpresaCambioMoneda.java
 singleton.e1_casa_de_cambios.EmpresaCambioMoneda
singleton/e1_casa_de_cambios/CasaDeCambio.java
 singleton.e1_casa_de_cambios.CasaDeCambio
singleton/e1_casa_de_cambios/LibreCambista.java
 singleton.e1_casa_de_cambios.LibreCambista
prototype/e2_celulares/RegistroDispositivo.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.RegistroDispositivo
prototype/e2_celulares/Client.java
 prototype.e2_celulares.Client
Extras/Switch_Enum.java
 Extras.Switch_Enum
 Extras.Switch_Enum$1
 Extras.Switch_Enum$Day
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/IHelado.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.IHelado
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/Fruta.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.Fruta
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/Base.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.Base
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/HeladoAgua.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.HeladoAgua
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/HeladoCrema.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.HeladoCrema
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/Crema.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.Crema
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/HeladoMixto.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.HeladoMixto
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/FactoryHelado.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.FactoryHelado
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.FactoryHelado$1
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.FactoryHelado$typeHelado
abstractFactory/e4_heladeria/Client.java
 abstractFactory.e4_heladeria.Client
